# V2Pool

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**PoolHealthcheckGracePeriod** | **int32** | Pool tasks healthcheck grace period (in seconds) | [optional] [default to 180]
**PoolHealthcheckInterval** | **int32** | Pool tasks healthcheck interval (in seconds) | [optional] [default to 12]
**PoolHealthcheckMaxFail** | **int32** | Pool tasks healthcheck maximum number of consecutive failures before declaring as unhealthy | [optional] [default to 5]
**PoolHealthcheckTimeout** | **int32** | Maximum amount of time that Mesos will wait for the healthcheck container to finish executing | [optional] [default to 60]
**ApiVersion** | [**ApiVersion**](APIVersion.md) |  | [optional] 
**Name** | **string** | The pool name. | [optional] 
**Namespace** | **string** | The DC/OS space (sometimes also referred to as a \&quot;group\&quot;). | [optional] [default to dcos-edgelb/pools]
**PackageName** | **string** |  | [optional] [default to edgelb-pool]
**PackageVersion** | **string** |  | [optional] [default to v0.0.0]
**Role** | **string** | Mesos role for load balancers. Defaults to \&quot;slave_public\&quot; so that load balancers will be run on public agents. Use \&quot;*\&quot; to run load balancers on private agents. Read more about Mesos roles at http://mesos.apache.org/documentation/latest/roles/ | [optional] [default to slave_public]
**Principal** | **string** | Mesos principal for pool framework authentication. If omitted or left blank, the service account used to install Edge-LB will be used if present. | [optional] 
**SecretName** | **string** | Service account secret name for pool framework authentication. If omitted or left blank, the service account used to install Edge-LB will be used if present. | [optional] 
**Cpus** | **float32** |  | [optional] [default to 0.9]
**CpusAdminOverhead** | **float32** |  | [optional] [default to 0.1]
**Mem** | **int32** | Memory requirements (in MB) | [optional] [default to 992]
**MemAdminOverhead** | **int32** | Memory requirements (in MB) | [optional] [default to 32]
**Disk** | **int32** | Disk size (in MB) | [optional] [default to 256]
**Count** | **int32** | Number of load balancer instances in the pool. | [optional] [default to 1]
**Constraints** | **string** | Marathon style constraints for load balancer instance placement. | [optional] [default to hostname:UNIQUE]
**Ports** | **[]int32** | Override ports to allocate for each load balancer instance. Defaults to {{haproxy.frontends[].bindPort}} and   {{haproxy.stats.bindPort}}. Use this field to pre-allocate all needed ports with or   without the frontends present. For example: [80, 443, 9090]. If the length of the ports array is not zero, only the   ports specified will be allocated by the pool scheduler. | [optional] 
**Secrets** | [**[]V2PoolSecrets**](V2Pool_secrets.md) | DC/OS secrets. | [optional] 
**EnvironmentVariables** | **map[string]string** | Environment variables to pass to tasks. Prefix with \&quot;ELB_FILE_\&quot; and it will be written to a file. For example, the contents of \&quot;ELB_FILE_MYENV\&quot; will be written to \&quot;$ENVFILE/ELB_FILE_MYENV\&quot;. | [optional] 
**AutoCertificate** | **bool** | Autogenerate a self-signed SSL/TLS certificate. It is not generated by default. It will be written to \&quot;$AUTOCERT\&quot;. | [optional] 
**VirtualNetworks** | [**[]V2PoolVirtualNetworks**](V2Pool_virtualNetworks.md) | Virtual networks to join. | [optional] 
**Haproxy** | [**V2Haproxy**](V2Haproxy.md) |  | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


